The Joe Rogan experience. Now the Russians got a bunch of them for their rocket,
probably all.
The Egyptians did. Yeah.
The Egyptians were trying to create a delivery system to drop bombs into Israel.
And then Ben-Gurion started having these Nazi scientists try to have them
assassinated. They were mailing the massages. How are you familiar with this?
The Masada was mailing packaged bombs into Egypt and throughout Europe trying
to kill these, these German scientists. And they were all German Nazi
rocket guys that were working for Egypt, Egypt,
and Egypt wanted to go blow up Israel. This is into the sixties.
So they're still trying to find ways to kill the Jews. And they're like,
oh yeah, we'll go work for you Egypt. You know? So it sounds crazy.
Is how technologically advanced the Germans were so far ahead of us.
It's so amazing. And to this day you drive a BMW and you go, whoa,
you mother are on point like.
Chevy Malibu right now. And I'm like, you, yeah.
Drive a Corvette, get a new Corvette. They're pretty. It's on what you buy.
But I mean, you mean there's German engineering in the eighties is phenomenal.
I mean,
if you drove a German car from the 1980s and an American car from the eighties,
it's like, there's no comparison.
Now I have a 1991 Porsche and it's a piece of
engineering, man. It's a Marvel of engineering. It's not fast like a modern car,
but when you compare like the build quality and how they constructed it,
how it was put together in comparison to a, you know,
a Dodge Daytona from 1990, that's a hunk of.
Nobody wants one of those. Yeah.
Well, unless you're going to build a VB ID, then you want it. Oh,
that's the only time you'd if you could blow it up. Yeah. Again.
It's you, the way you think is different, you know,
13 year old child trafficking, counterfeits. Yeah.
Yeah. It's, we'll be,
we'll be in some country and I'll be walking by and I'll look at a car and be
like, that would make a great bomb. I just swear to God,
she'll go through my head. Oh, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, that's how the business works. Yeah. Yeah. We'll grow up someday.
So when you're over there in Argentina and you're meeting with these people
and you know that they're the descendants of Nazis and they'll,
they bring out this grandfather's chest of things and
war metals and all this jazz, like, what is this feeling like?
Do you feel like these people got away with something and then they kind of did,
but these aren't the people that did it,
but they're the descendants of the people that did it.
And they're still worshiping those people in some way.
Yeah. I ha I had, um, I had a lot of soul searching,
um, trying to figure out what is the, the appropriate thing.
What's the appropriate spots? What am I suppose,
what am I supposed to be feeling right now? And I think I'm a pretty, um,
exposed person. Like I'm in tuned with what I feel.
And, um,
one of the hardest days we're in Chile. And, um,
I interviewed this, this man, a woman and,
uh, they are both, one of them is a second generation.
So she was born on a Colonia Digna dad on this compound as a Nazi,
um, separated from her parents.
She didn't know who her parents was and I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
She was brought there at like age three or four,
but she grew up there and sh and they're separate from her.
Parents didn't know who her parents was.
Her husband was a Chilean boy that was local.
And he heard about this new hospital. That's,
that's built by Dr. Mengele and, um,
how everybody has food there and he's a porch lane kid. So he,
he was able to get on to the, the compound. Um,
well, the locals and the Germans aren't supposed to be together.
So he was kind of kept separated. Well, because he was local.
They started testing him. Um, and
it got really violent and disgusting by the time he's a teenager he's been
thrown out of, out of windows, having his bones broken,
being nursed back to health, being set on fire,
be nurse back to health for like 10, 15 years.
He finally talks his,
what will be his future wife into escaping with him. And they sneak out on,
in a cheese truck because one of his friends, when he was a Chilean kid,
grew up to be a police officer in a nearby.
And he was able to get a letter out to them and be like, please come help us.
And they came in and do a health inspection and they hopped inside of this
cheese, cheese truck and they got away. So I'm,
I'm talking to this guy and he's telling me about the things that happen to him,
and I'm not going to get into it. I mean,
but they were the most horrible things that could happen to a little boy that
you could imagine, you know, beyond rape, beyond being burnt, alive,
beyond being broken. I mean, for, for years and years and years,
and I'm shaking. Cause I, I, man, I'm an Afghanistan and you know,
they threw some acid on some kids and I found those guys in the killed those
guys. Cause that's what you do when you, when you hurt little kids. Um,
you know, I got a soft spot for people that can't take care of themselves.
I can protect them.
So that's like every real human isn't going to let anything weaker them ever get
hurt in front of them. And so I'm shaking listen to this story, you know?
And I was like, um, and I know I have to go back to Colonia,
digging down the next day and, and put on like,
I'm a tourist guy hosting a travel show. And that's was,
that's always our disguise to get in. There was like, oh, you know,
this is a beautiful Bavarian village. You can come here. That was the,
our little way in.
And I was just going to go in and destroy that whole entire place.
That was my plan. And the guy's looking at me and he's like, I,
I see your anger, you know? And I was like, yeah,
I'm going to go hurt all of them. He's like, no, no more pain.
Okay. What do you, what's going on?
And he looks at his wife and he goes that's.
She saved me every time that I was burnt. Every time that was broken,
it was just love. That's how I got out. That's why we're alive today.
And we're going to die of old age together with the woman that I fell in love
with on this colony. The only thing that matters is love. And I was like, God,
I like you, but I still want to go hurt all of those people. You know?
So it was like.
So these people that were doing this to him, what was, what was their objective?
They wanted.
To understand? I mean,
so the same test that Josef Mengele was doing in Germany in 1943,
he's now doing in Chile in 1953,
he just has a different population to test. They're not Jews,
they're Chalene boys. They're strong and they're wirey.
They need less food. They're not like the amusing quotation marks,
the cockroach Jews that you just couldn't kill. You know, these were,
these were young, strong Browns.
Like these are their words verbatim that I'm using, you know? And it was like,
yeah, I want to tear your guys' faces out and, you know,
stick soldering irons in your ear because you guys are so evil,
but then I'm the same as them. So I was just really torn.
I didn't know what to do. I just want to kill them all.
Well,
it's the worst aspects of human beings is that this desire
to.
Hurt people that are weaker than you would torture.
Them. And this is just coming into contact with that.
And then some guy who has this most beautiful response to it. Yeah. You know,
I'm a love saved. Got, I just want to die. Oh.
Yeah. I'm a better human than I, so I never knew how to respond to these things.
I wanted to, every time I'd see a new SS metal or I'd see, you know,
like this, the, the cross that they won for valor, like crazy,
the equivalent of metal of honors these guys have in their parlors. Like
these were Nazis. You were, were you realized your grandpa. Yeah. Yes, yes.
Total pride swelling in their chest. You know, I was like, oh no,
cracking the face. Yeah. So.
How did Mangola died? Did he die of old age?
He died on a beach in Brazil. His journal was found on the beach in Brazil.
Yeah. Married a beautiful Brazilian girl. Wow.
Adolf Eichmann. He got snatched by, um, the,
the massage in Argentina scores and ski.
He died of old age actually in 19, uh, in the sixties,
the Egyptians, when they're trying to build that rocket plug program to,
to nearly the, uh, to Nayeli Israel scores,
NC started working for the massage,
but he didn't really know it for they're paying him millions of millions of
dollars to hold these parties for what he thought was the rise of the
forthright. Whoa. Yeah.
So he was bringing in like CRA, um, Mercedes and, um,
crews, crews, steel, Cushner steel, crushed steel, these,
these massive billion dollar for the time he was hosting these
soirees and talking and having other high level Nazis that were still alive come
in.
And he was just really being used by the massage to try to figure out who was
facilitating this Egyptian rocket program.
So they've just,
we're putting on these parties to kind of get everybody together so they could
keep tabs on everybody and figure out who's who.
That's, what the Mossad was doing.
He was doing it with the intent of making the forthright. Yeah.
So the massage did this and then what did they do once they figured out who was,
who.
Finally they,
I don't like this part cause I liked just getting killing bad people. Um,
they figured out that the,
the big problem with the delivery system for the Egyptians in their
missile program was the navigation system.
And they are trying to hire a whole bunch of these experts, um,
to come work for this program.
And they diplomatically kind of went behind the back and they got all of
this, really the only experts in the world,
they prevented them from going and traveling to and work for Egypt. Um,
so they kind of diplomatically ended the,
the development of the delivery system for their, their warheads.
So that's how they handled it.
After they poisoned some people and they sent some mail bombs,
they kidnapped a guy and tortured him and killed him. Yeah.
Re real torture, not, not fake torture.
It's amazing how few people know about the Nazi
escapees that went to south America. It's amazing how, when this,
this comes up, it's, it's relatively unknown. I mean,
your show has done a lot to shed some light on it and I've read some articles
about Nazis that escaped to south America, but it's not common knowledge.
No, by design. I mean, when you're down there, there is a,
there's a shroud of silence. You, you,
you're not supposed to talk about these things. The,
it takes a long time for me to get an interview with a guy.
It takes a long time for building rapport. I mean,
we're talking like we, I have some pretty high level people working with me,
special operations from every single branch, um,
to include the CIA army special forces.
And we are pulling out every trick in the book to try to get these people,
to talk to us, to include bribing them and the, um,
it's hard. So they, they still don't talk about it to this day. Do.
You, did you have to bring in German speaking people? Yeah. A lot of time. Wow.
I mean, what can be done? I mean, obviously there's not the same people.
Right. There's the people that benefited from the people that went down there.
So you're talking about like third generation removed, but what could be done?
Uh, the it's kind of the damage is right. Yeah. But.
That's a lot of damage. Um, what can be done is the ideas can die. The,
the ideas of, of fascism, the ideas of racism, the, the, those,
those things we can kill. Right. Um.
But are, are those ideas, are they those ideas being fostered in these,
these.
Communities? Yes. Yeah. They're being cultivated.
Yeah. Cause like you experienced it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if I'm a white guy,
white guy walking down the street, I am,
I am a higher degree than the locals, you know,
like I can, I can go and shop in some places that they can't.
I can go in and sit down and have a meal in some places that they can't, I can,
I'm being greeted on the street and good Morgan, you know, like, um, not,
not the brown dude next to me. He's not. And his kid definitely can't date.
The blue-eyed blonde girl at the high school.
That's not allowed. So.
They basically created these little colonies. Yeah.
Yahtzee colonies in south America. Yeah.
Did you Google, Google Clooney, Digna dad. Yeah. Did you,
you will have nightmares, dude. I'm freaking out right now. It's time.
It's crazy. How many people.
Got away with it that Josef Mengele died on a beach [inaudible] wife.
I mean, th that, that, that one hurts me.
Cause he's a guy like me just on the ops.
Cause he he's a special operations guy. He was an SS. Um, he, he was,
he was a physical specimen, especially for the time, you know, like we didn't,
we didn't understand. I mean, he was,
he was very early on into the one of the first real
Nazis like this isn't okay. All of Germany's going this way.
The chancellor is Adolf Hitler. This is where we're going.
I kind of just have to go along and you see some of that in the third and the
like 43, 44. Um, now it's okay. We might be losing this war now.
It's not so invoke.
But when you got guys like 1939 that are talking eugenics
and um, you know,
higher calling for breeding and segregation,
um, early on you're like, eh, I don't like that guy,
Kona beat him to death with my hands, but he's massive.
So it'd be a pretty good fight. Yeah, it was uh, there we go.
Warm.
Nazi cult, trying to, what does it say? Jamie was the.
Nazi Colt. What is the, uh, so that, that, that's just a marketing thing.
Cause it's still the same place.
Roughly warm Nazi cult, trying to open its colony to tourism. And where's this.
That's in Chile. Yeah. I S I spent a lot of time there, right there.
Oh, they made a movie about it.
So that's current day right there.
Jesus Christ.
That later in range is freaking gorgeous though. It's I mean, it is,
Shangri-La a German flag flying. Wow.
They've tried to hide the Nazi things. They've had I dinner right there.
Look at them all I know. I know that guy on the left do really? Yep.
What's that, bro. We talked in the Bertram butchery. There.
He is right now. Jacuzzi. Hi.
Yeah. Um, so I had this guy with me, Mike Simpson. He is a,
he works with me at sheep dog response. He's a doctor.
He was a ranger that became a green Baret that then went to medical school and
then came back to special operations, um, for the rest of the war.
And he's our director of training for sheep, dog response. He was with me,
he and I both speak Spanish when we were down there,
but they didn't know that he was a doctor and they didn't know that we spoke
Spanish and they didn't know that our translator that looked very Chilean could
also speak German, perfect German. She translates for Porsche. Um,
so they thought that they could have all these little conversations with the
stupid, hairy handed. Um,
Irish guy hosts from the tourism channel that, and they could get away.
Well, we understood everything that they're saying, are they saying,
so one of our tour guides was formerly a nurse in the hospital that they closed
down and we stole one of their, their little ID cards to get into that hospital.
And we stole a bunch of documents of them documenting them,
torturing little kids in the hospital, in the hospital.
None of this made the air because it's, it's,
there's so much litigation going on where all of these victims of colonial Digna
dad are suing via Bavaria.
Time period. Are you talking about when they were torturing kids?
Like when was this sixties to nineties?
Wow.
And so this is essentially Nazis and the ancestors of Nazis carrying on those
practices. Yeah. In secret. Yep. Jesus Christ.
It's crazy, man. This isn't, this isn't just people that got away with it.
And then their ancestors moved during the evolved and changed.
Plus she saw the pictures [inaudible] that place is worth maybe a hundred
million dollars. And they bought that with Nazi money.
What do you do with that? Where does that go? Where does that go? I don't know.
I mean the Nazi money we're talking,
we're talking melted fillings from Jews mouths.
We're talking wedding rings off of juice fingers.
They bought that land with that money
and it's gorgeous. Jesus Christ. And they have a German colony there.
What? Wow. I don't know. I don't know what the right answer is. I mean,
how does chili feel about it?
Chile has been in a tough position because of the amount of power that they have
had their nobody. So in the, um,
in the sixties, they were at behest of the president.
They were bringing in, um,
people that disagreed with the dictator and they're torturing them and they're
getting that information and giving it back to the president. Um,
well that went on for like 10 years.
And so the Nazis were doing that for yes. Okay.
For, um, oh my God.
Whoever the dictator was at the time, but I'm so.
Embarrassed.
I can't remember name right now because it's around the tip of my tongue
anyways. But that information they also had.
So not only the information went back to the president that
he could use against his rivals, but they also had it.
So they know all the dirt about everybody they know who is having sex with who,
who has a kid with who, who went to this prostitute place,
who has a deal with the CIA. Who's working with the Venezuelans,
who's working with the Argentinians.
Like they have all that dirt because they gave it to the president.
They have it too.
So they had been untouchable politically for, you know, 30,
40 years because they had so much power because they had so much information
because they had so much dirt on every single high ranking person
in south America. Jesus Christ.
Now that's been a trip year for me from that show and then straightened into
hard to kill the show for the discovery channel,
from going then deployed to Africa like this year. I don't even know.
I can't even okay.